now Moses was tending the flock of
Jethro his father-in-law the priest of
Midian and he led the flock to the back
of the desert and came to Horeb the
mountain of God and the angel of the
Lord appeared to him in a flame of fire
from the midst of a bush so he looked
and behold the bush was burning with
fire but the bush was not consumed then
Moses said I will now turn aside and see
this great sight why the bush does not
burn so when the Lord saw that he turned
aside to look God called him from the
midst of the bush
Moses Moses Here I am do not draw near
this place take your sandals off your
feet for the place where you stand is
holy ground I am the God of your father
the God of Abraham the god of Isaac and
what God of Jacob and Moses hid his face
for he was afraid to look upon God
I have surely seen the oppression of my
people who are in Egypt and have heard
their cry because of their taskmasters
for I know their sorrows so I have come
down to deliver them out of the hand of
the Egyptians and to bring them up from
that land to a good and large land to a
land flowing with milk and honey to the
place of the Canaanites and the Hittites
and the amorite and the perizzites and
the highlights and the geoscience now
therefore behold the cry of the children
of Israel has come to me and I have also
seen the oppression with which the
Egyptians oppress them come now
therefore
and I will send you to Pharaoh that you
may bring my people the children of
Israel out of Egypt
Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh
and that I should bring the children of
the Israel out of Egypt I will certainly
be with you and this shall be assigned
to you that I have sent you when you
have brought the people out of Egypt you
shall serve God on this mountain indeed
when I come to the children of Israel
and say to them the god of your father's
has sent me to you and they say to me
what is his name what shall I say to
them I am Who I am
thus you shall say to the children of
Israel I am has sent me to you thus you
shall say to the children of Israel the
Lord God of your father's the God of
Abraham the god of Isaac and the God of
Jacob has sent me to you this is my name
forever and this is my memorial to all
generations go and gather the elders of
Israel together and say to them the Lord
God of your father's the God of Abraham
of Isaac and of Jacob appeared to me
saying I have surely visited you and
seen what is done to you in Egypt and I
have said I will bring you up out of the
affliction of Egypt to the land of the
Canaanites and the Hittites and the
amorite and the parasites and the
heights and the jebusites to a land
flowing with milk and honey
then they will heed your voice and you
shall come you and the elders of Israel
to the king of Egypt and you shall say
to him the Lord God of the Hebrews has
met with us and now please let us go
three days journey into the wilderness
that we may sacrifice to the Lord our
God but I am sure that the king of Egypt
will not let you go
no not even by a mighty hand so I will
stretch out my hand and strike Egypt
with all my wonders which I will do in
its midst and after that he will let you
go and I will give this people favor in
the sight of the Egyptians and it shall
be when you go that you shall not go
empty-handed but every woman shall ask
of her neighbour namely of her who
dwells near her house articles of silver
articles of gold and clothing and you
shall put them on your sons and on your
daughters so you shall plunder the
Egyptians
[Music]